Update README with features and conda-forge install instructions (#36)
geoxarray/geoxarray: README.rst

Installation
------------

> The ``geoxarray`` library isavailable on PyPI and can be installed with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``geoxarray`` library is available on PyPI and can be installed with
```

Author: Wha...wha...a reviewer!?!? Thanks for catching this!

Reviewer: Haha. I've been watching geoxarray for a long time. Excited to see where things are headed!
